{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11100\viewh15480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Assignment 3 | Due 09/06/2017\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 #35 | \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 /// C++ program to test ///\
#include <iostream>\
#include <cmath>\
\
using namespace std;\
\
int main(int argc, const char * argv[] ) \{\
\
	\cf2 // Pseudocode //\
	/*\
	repeat \
		i =1 \
		read a value for x\
		if((x<5.0) and (2x<10.7))or(sqrt(5x)>5.1) then \
			write the value of x\
		end if	\
		increase by 1		\
	until i > 5\
\
	inputs for x are 1.0, 5.1, 2.4, 7.2 and 5.3\
	\
	what are the output values? \
	*/\
	\
	// Variables // \
	double userInput = 0.0;\
	\
	for ( int i=1; i <= 5; i++ ) \{\
		// ask user for x\
		cout<<\'93Entry: \'93 << endl;\
		cin >> userInput;\
		\
		if (((userInput < 5.0) \
			&& ((2*userInput) < 10.7)) \
			|| (sqrt(5*userInput)>5.1)) \{\
				cout << \'93User Entry: \'93 << userInput << endl;\
		 \} // end if	\
	\}  // end for loop\
	\
	return 0; // Exit stage left\cf2 \
\} // end main\
\
/// Console output /// \
Entry?\
1.0\
User Entry: 1.0\
Entry?\
5.1\
Entry?\
2.4\
User Entry: 2.4\
Entry?\
7.2\
Entry?\
5.3\
User Entry: 5.3\
\
\{1.0, 2.4, 7.2, 5.3\}\
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 #37 - 38 | \
\
\ls2\ilvl1\cb1 	37) \
	if not (value1<value2) then \
		statement1\
	else \
		statement2\
	end if\
\
	38) \
	Yes,\
	A(False);B(False);C(True)\
		((A^B)\'92^C) \'97> statement1 if true\
		statement2 if false\
		(A^B)\'92 returns true; C(True) \'97> statement1\
	\
\ls2\ilvl1\cb3 #61 - 64 |\
\
        61) \'93At least one of us is a liar.\'94\
		- \cf2 \cb3 If Percival is telling the truth, then Llewellyn is a liar which does satisfy the statement of one of the two being a liar as well as the orator telling the truth. If Percival is lying, then his statement becomes false because that would require both to be truth tellers but it has been stated that Percival is lying. Therefore, Percival is a truth teller and Llewellyn is a liar.\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
	\cf2 \cb3 62) \'93If I am a truth teller, then Meredith is a truth teller\'94\
		- If Merlin is lying, his statement negated is\
			\'93I am a truth teller and Meredith is a liar\'94 but since Merlin is 			lying this is an impossible outcome. Therefore Merlin is a truth 			teller. Since Merlin is a truth teller, then Meredith must also be a 			truth teller.\cf2 \cb3 \
\
	63) \'93Either I am a liar or Grymlin is a truth teller\'94\
		- \cf4 \cb1 Rothwold\'92s statement is of the form (A \up5 v \up0 B)\
			 where,\
			  	A = \'93I am a liar\'94 and \
			  	B = \'93Grymlin is a truth-teller.\'94 \
\
		 If Rothwold is 	a liar, then his statement (A \up5 v \up0 B) = false, and the 			 statement (A \up5 v \up0 B)\uc0\u8242  must be true.\
		          De Morgan's laws, \
				A\uc0\u8242  and B\u8242  must both be true. \
		\
		But A\uc0\u8242  is the statement that Rothwold is a truth-teller, which 	is 			not true. Therefore Rothwold must be a truth-teller, and his 				statement (A \up5 v \up0 B) = true. Statement A = false because it says that 		Rothwold is a liar. Therefore, statement B must be true which 			makes both of them truth-tellers. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
	64) \'93I am a liar but Merrilaine is not.\'94\
		- If Gwendolyn is telling the truth, then she is a liar and Merrilaine is 		not. However, this is an impossible outcome with Gwendolyn being 		a truth teller and yet stating that she is a liar. Therefore her 				statement is false and by stating that Merrilaine is not a liar but 			negated she is saying that Merrilaine is a liar. Gwendolyn and 			Merrilaine are both liars.\
		}